Documentation for ddn command `ddn completion` and openDD object `OrderByExpression` (#800)
hasura/ddn-docs: docs/supergraph-modeling/orderby-expressions.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 10
sidebar_label: Orderby Expressions
description:
  "Explore OrderBy Expressions in Hasura, designed for sorting data. Discover
  how to configure sorting rules for various data types and expose them through
  your API."
keywords:
  - hasura documentation
  - graphql data structure
  - data domain mapping
  - hasura ddn
  - hasura data specification
  - graphql schema
  - orderby expressions
toc_max_heading_level: 4
seoFrontMatterUpdated: false
---

# OrderBy Expressions

## Introduction

Hasura provides powerful tools to control sorting and ordering data. OrderBy Expression types let you define customizable 

> sorting rules for a [model](/supergraph-modeling/models.mdx).

Reviewer: I think it should be better portrayed that `OrderByExpressions` are defined for types instead of models.
```suggestion
sorting rules for a [type](/supergraph-modeling/types.mdx).
```
